Name:Time-of-Use 4pm-7pm Weekdays
Your energy rate is based on the time of day; use less energy during on-peak hours, between 4pm-7pm weekdays, to save.
Why is this plan right for me:
Customers who select this plan can manage their costs by shifting energy use to lower-cost off-peak hours and using less energy during the higher-cost on-peak hours, between 4pm–7pm weekdays. This plan could be a good fit if:
green check mark filled circle
You can use less energy during higher-cost on-peak hours, or
green check mark filled circle
You have an average to larger sized home, or
green check mark filled circle
You are willing to adjust when you use energy to save
Ways you could save money on this plan:
You can save money on this plan by shifting use of some major appliances like the washer & dryer, dishwasher and pool pump to lower-cost off-peak hours, and by using less energy during the higher-cost on-peak hours, between 4pm–7pm weekdays. Avoid using some major appliances during higher-cost hours.
Washer icon
Do your laundry after 7pm weekdays or on weekends.
Pool icon
If you have a pool, set the timer to run before 4pm weekdays.
Dishes icon
Use the delay setting on your dishwasher to run after 7pm weekdays.
Do: Shift the use of some major appliances (like washer and dryer, dishwasher and pool pump) to lower-cost hours, before 4pm or after 7pm weekdays. The more you shift to off-peak hours, the more you can save.
Don’t: Use all of your major appliances during on-peak hours, between 4pm-7pm weekdays when energy rates are higher.
For additional cost-saving tips and tools, visit aps.com/tips.
Here’s how this plan works:
On this plan, your monthly energy charge is based on the time of day and/or day of the week when you use energy. Rates are higher during on-peak hours, 4pm–7pm weekdays, but lower all other off-peak hours.

This plan has different rates for summer months (May–Oct bills) and winter months (Nov–Apr bills).
Super off-peak hours provide the lowest off-peak energy rates during winter months (Nov–Apr bills), 10am–3pm weekdays (excluding off-peak holidays).
This plan also has lower off-peak energy rates on weekends and holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Presidents Day, Cesar Chavez Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Indigenous Peoples' Day/Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. If a holiday falls on a Saturday, the Friday before will be off-peak. If it falls on a Sunday, the Monday after will be off-peak. In years when Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve fall on a weekday, they will also be off-peak holidays. (Weekends are always off-peak.)

Summer Rates
TOU Summer Rates
Winter Rates
Winter TOU Rates
The chart reflects the price you pay for energy used on this plan. All plans also include a basic service charge as well as adjustors, taxes and fees. The Grid Access Charge is applied for customers with rooftop solar.