Name:Time-of-Use 4pm-7pm Weekdays with Demand Charge
Your energy rate is based on the time of day; use less energy and manage energy demand during on-peak hours, between 4pm-7pm weekdays, to save. This plan also has a monthly demand charge for the highest hour of usage during on-peak hours, 4pm-7pm weekdays.
Why is this plan right for me:
Customers who select this plan can manage their costs by shifting energy use to lower-cost off-peak hours and staggering usage during higher-cost on-peak hours, between 4pm–7pm weekdays. This plan could be a good fit if:
green check mark filled circle
You use a lot of energy and can benefit from a lower energy rate, or
green check mark filled circle
You have an average to larger sized home, or
green check mark filled circle
You are willing to adjust when you use energy and manage energy demand during on-peak hours
Ways you could save money on this plan:
You can save money on this plan by shifting more of your energy use to lower-cost off-peak hours and staggering the use of major appliances like the washer & dryer, dishwasher and oven during higher-cost on-peak hours, between 4pm–7pm weekdays. Avoid using some major appliances during higher-cost on-peak hours and if you do use some of these appliances during on-peak hours, try not to run them at the same time.
Dishes icon
Use the delay setting on your dishwasher to run after 7pm weekdays.
Washer icon
Do your laundry after 7pm weekdays or on weekends.
Thermostat icon
Pre-cool or pre-heat your home during lower-cost off-peak hours before 4pm, weekdays.
Do: Save the most by shifting some electricity use to lower-cost hours, before 4pm or after 7pm weekdays. If you use major appliances during higher-cost on-peak hours, between 4pm and 7pm weekdays, stagger usage across hours. 
Don’t: Stack your usage all at once during on-peak hours, between 4pm and 7pm weekdays; this will increase your demand charge. 
For additional cost-saving tips and tools, visit aps.com/tips.
Here’s how this plan works:
On this plan, your monthly energy charge is based on the time of day and/or day of the week when you use energy, plus a monthly demand charge for your highest hour of usage during on-peak hours, 4pm–7pm weekdays. This plan has the lowest rates during all other off-peak hours.

This plan has different on-peak rates for summer months (May–Oct bills) and winter months (Nov–Apr bills).
Super off-peak hours provide the lowest off-peak energy rates during winter months (Nov–Apr bills), 10am–3pm weekdays (excluding off-peak holidays).
This plan also has lower off-peak energy rates on weekends and holidays: New Year’s Day, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Presidents Day, Cesar Chavez Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Indigenous Peoples' Day/Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. If a holiday falls on a Saturday, the Friday before will be off-peak. If it falls on a Sunday, the Monday after will be off-peak. In years when Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve fall on a weekday, they will also be off-peak holidays. (Weekends are always off-peak.)
Try the Energy Estimator to calculate your estimated energy usage or demand for the month and find ways to save. You can also review the approximate demand for a variety of home appliances.
A demand limiter feature automatically lowers the amount you are charged for demand when a rare, unusual spike in your use occurs during on-peak hours, 4pm-7pm weekdays. The demand limiter can be applied to your account one time in the summer months from May to October and you have up to three demand limiters in a calendar year.
Summer Rates
TOU Hours with Demand
Winter Rates
Winter TOU hours with Demand
The chart reflects the price you pay for energy used on this plan. All plans also include a basic service charge as well as adjustors, taxes and fees. The Grid Access Charge is applied for customers with rooftop solar.

Demand Charge Credit
When a demand charge feels higher than usual, we can help. We can provide a demand charge credit once during any 12-month period. The credit is calculated based on the difference between the current kW and the kW from the same billing period last year. For example, if the current billed demand is 11 kW and the same billing period last year was 6 kW, an adjustment would be made to credit you for the difference in demand. If billing history is not available, the demand kW will be reduced by 50%. This credit will appear on your next bill as “Demand Charge Credit.” To discuss or request a demand charge credit, please call us at (602) 371-7171 (metro Phoenix) or (800) 253-9405 (other areas).
